.gitignore
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
.github/workflows/lastCommit.yml
.github/workflows/publishToPyPI.yaml
fmat/ref_data.py
fmat.egg-info/PKG-INFO
fmat.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
fmat.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
fmat.egg-info/requires.txt
fmat.egg-info/top_level.txt
fmat/core/GenerateEqScript.py
fmat/core/GenerateScheilScript.py
fmat/core/ML.py
fmat/core/ReadEqResult.py
fmat/core/ReadScheilResult.py
fmat/core/__init__.py
fmat/core/compositions.py
fmat/core/istarmap.py
fmat/core/pycalphad_run.py
fmat/plot/FeasibilityMap.py
fmat/plot/ML_plot.py
fmat/plot/__init__.py
fmat/plot/feasibility_helpers.py
fmat/tests/__init__.py
fmat/tests/test_compositions.py
fmat/tests/test_plotting.py
fmat/tests/test_pycalphad_run.py
fmat/tests/test_thermo_calc_script.py
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Ag-Al-Cu.TDB
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/composition_for_feasibilityMap.xlsx
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/setting.npy
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Equilibrium Simulation/0_mole.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Equilibrium Simulation/0_wt.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Equilibrium Simulation/1_mole.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Equilibrium Simulation/1_wt.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Equilibrium Simulation/2_mole.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Equilibrium Simulation/2_wt.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/0_composition_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/0_liquid_mol%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/0_liquid_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/0_solid_mol%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/0_solid_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/1_composition_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/1_liquid_mol%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/1_liquid_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/1_solid_mol%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/1_solid_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/2_composition_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/2_liquid_mol%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/2_liquid_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/2_solid_mol%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/2_solid_wt%.exp
fmat/tests/testsCaseFiles/Thermo-calc/Scheil Simulation/Result/data.json