"change-compartment"
********************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Moves an SDDC into a different compartment within the same tenancy.
For information about moving resources between compartments, see
Moving Resources to a Different Compartment.


Usage
=====

   oci ocvs sddc change-compartment [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to move the SDDC to.

--sddc-id [text]

The OCID of the SDDC.


Optional Parameters
===================

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource’s
current etag value.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export compute_availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-compute_availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-compute-availability-domain
       export esxi_count=<substitute-value-of-esxi_count> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-esxi-count
       export instance_prefix=<substitute-value-of-instance_prefix> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-instance-prefix
       export nsx_edge_up1_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_edge_up1_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-edge-up1-id
       export nsx_edge_up2_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_edge_up2_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-edge-up2-id
       export nsx_edge_vtep_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_edge_vtep_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-edge-vtep-id
       export nsx_vtep_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_vtep_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-vtep-id
       export prov_subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-prov_subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-prov-subnet-id
       export ssh_authorized_keys=<substitute-value-of-ssh_authorized_keys> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-ssh-authorized-keys
       export vmotion_id=<substitute-value-of-vmotion_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vmotion-id
       export vmware_version=<substitute-value-of-vmware_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vmware-version
       export vsan_id=<substitute-value-of-vsan_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vsan-id
       export vsphere_id=<substitute-value-of-vsphere_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vsphere-id

       sddc_id=$(oci ocvs sddc create --compartment-id $compartment_id --compute-availability-domain $compute_availability_domain --esxi-count $esxi_count --instance-prefix $instance_prefix --nsx-edge-up1-id $nsx_edge_up1_id --nsx-edge-up2-id $nsx_edge_up2_id --nsx-edge-vtep-id $nsx_edge_vtep_id --nsx-vtep-id $nsx_vtep_id --prov-subnet-id $prov_subnet_id --ssh-authorized-keys $ssh_authorized_keys --vmotion-id $vmotion_id --vmware-version $vmware_version --vsan-id $vsan_id --vsphere-id $vsphere_id --query data.id --raw-output)

       oci ocvs sddc change-compartment --compartment-id $compartment_id --sddc-id $sddc_id
