"create"
********

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Creates an Oracle Cloud VMware Solution software-defined data center
(SDDC).

Use the WorkRequest operations to track the creation of the SDDC.

**Important:** You must configure the SDDC’s networking resources with
the security rules detailed in Security Rules for Oracle Cloud VMware
Solution SDDCs. Otherwise, provisioning the SDDC will fail. The rules
are based on the requirements set by VMware.


Usage
=====

   oci ocvs sddc create [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--compartment-id, -c [text]

The OCID of the compartment to contain the SDDC.

--compute-availability-domain, --ad [text]

The availability domain to create the SDDC’s ESXi hosts in. For multi-
AD SDDC deployment, set to *multi-AD*.

--esxi-count [text]

The number of ESXi hosts to create in the SDDC. You can add more hosts
later (see CreateEsxiHost).

**Note:** If you later delete EXSi hosts from the SDDC to total less
than 3, you are still billed for the 3 minimum recommended EXSi hosts.
Also, you cannot add more VMware workloads to the SDDC until it again
has at least 3 ESXi hosts.

--instance-prefix [text]

A prefix used in the name of each ESXi host and Compute instance in
the SDDC. If this isn’t set, the SDDC’s *displayName* is used as the
prefix.

For example, if the value is *mySDDC*, the ESXi hosts are named
*mySDDC-1*, *mySDDC-2*, and so on.

--nsx-edge-up1-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX Edge Uplink 1 component of the
VMware environment.

--nsx-edge-up2-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX Edge Uplink 2 component of the
VMware environment.

--nsx-edge-vtep-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX Edge VTEP component of the
VMware environment.

--nsx-vtep-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the NSX VTEP component of the VMware
environment.

--prov-subnet-id [text]

The OCID of the management subnet to use for provisioning the SDDC.

--ssh-authorized-keys [text]

One or more public SSH keys to be included in the
*~/.ssh/authorized_keys* file for the default user on each ESXi host.
Use a newline character to separate multiple keys. The SSH keys must
be in the format required for the *authorized_keys* file

--vmotion-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the vMotion component of the VMware
environment.

--vmware-version [text]

The VMware software bundle to install on the ESXi hosts in the SDDC.
To get a list of the available versions, use
ListSupportedVmwareSoftwareVersions.

--vsan-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the vSAN component of the VMware
environment.

--vsphere-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the vSphere component of the VMware
environment.


Optional Parameters
===================

--capacity-reservation-id [text]

The OCID of the Capacity Reservation.

--datastores [complex type]

A list of datastore info for the SDDC. This value is required only
when *initialHostShapeName* is a standard shape.

This option is a JSON list with items of type DatastoreInfo.  For
documentation on DatastoreInfo please see our API reference: https://
docs.cloud.oracle.com/api/#/en/sddc/20200501/datatypes/DatastoreInfo.
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. For more information, see Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Operations": {"CostCenter": "42"}}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--display-name, --name [text]

A descriptive name for the SDDC. SDDC name requirements are 1-16
character length limit, Must start with a letter, Must be English
letters, numbers, - only, No repeating hyphens, Must be unique within
the region. Avoid entering confidential information.

--freeform-tags [complex type]

Free-form tags for this resource. Each tag is a simple key-value pair
with no predefined name, type, or namespace. For more information, see
Resource Tags.

Example:

   {"Department": "Finance"}

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--hcx-vlan-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN to use for the HCX component of the VMware
environment. This value is required only when *isHcxEnabled* is true.

--initial-host-ocpu-count [float]

The initial OCPU count of the SDDC’s ESXi hosts.

--initial-host-shape-name [text]

The initial compute shape of the SDDC’s ESXi hosts.
ListSupportedHostShapes.

--initial-sku [text]

The billing option selected during SDDC creation. ListSupportedSkus.

Accepted values are:

   HOUR, MONTH, ONE_YEAR, THREE_YEARS

--is-hcx-enabled [boolean]

For SDDC with dense compute shapes, this parameter indicates whether
to enable HCX Advanced for this SDDC. For SDDC with standard compute
shapes, this parameter is equivalent to *isHcxEnterpriseEnabled*.

--is-hcx-enterprise-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether to enable HCX Enterprise for this SDDC.

--is-shielded-instance-enabled [boolean]

Indicates whether shielded instance is enabled for this SDDC.

--is-single-host-sddc [boolean]

Indicates whether this SDDC is designated for only single ESXi host.

--max-wait-seconds [integer]

The maximum time to wait for the work request to reach the state
defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 1200 seconds.

--provisioning-vlan-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN used by the SDDC for the Provisioning component
of the VMware environment.

--replication-vlan-id [text]

The OCID of the VLAN used by the SDDC for the vSphere Replication
component of the VMware environment.

--wait-for-state [text]

This operation asynchronously creates, modifies or deletes a resource
and uses a work request to track the progress of the operation.
Specify this option to perform the action and then wait until the work
request reaches a certain state. Multiple states can be specified,
returning on the first state. For example, "--wait-for-state"
SUCCEEDED "--wait-for-state" FAILED would return on whichever
lifecycle state is reached first. If timeout is reached, a return code
of 2 is returned. For any other error, a return code of 1 is returned.

Accepted values are:

   ACCEPTED, CANCELED, CANCELING, FAILED, IN_PROGRESS, SUCCEEDED

--wait-interval-seconds [integer]

Check every "--wait-interval-seconds" to see whether the work request
has reached the state defined by "--wait-for-state". Defaults to 30
seconds.

--workload-cidr [text]

The CIDR block for the IP addresses that VMware VMs in the SDDC use to
run application workloads.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export compartment_id=<substitute-value-of-compartment_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-compartment-id
       export compute_availability_domain=<substitute-value-of-compute_availability_domain> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-compute-availability-domain
       export esxi_count=<substitute-value-of-esxi_count> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-esxi-count
       export instance_prefix=<substitute-value-of-instance_prefix> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-instance-prefix
       export nsx_edge_up1_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_edge_up1_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-edge-up1-id
       export nsx_edge_up2_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_edge_up2_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-edge-up2-id
       export nsx_edge_vtep_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_edge_vtep_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-edge-vtep-id
       export nsx_vtep_id=<substitute-value-of-nsx_vtep_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-nsx-vtep-id
       export prov_subnet_id=<substitute-value-of-prov_subnet_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-prov-subnet-id
       export ssh_authorized_keys=<substitute-value-of-ssh_authorized_keys> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-ssh-authorized-keys
       export vmotion_id=<substitute-value-of-vmotion_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vmotion-id
       export vmware_version=<substitute-value-of-vmware_version> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vmware-version
       export vsan_id=<substitute-value-of-vsan_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vsan-id
       export vsphere_id=<substitute-value-of-vsphere_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/ocvs/sddc/create.html#cmdoption-vsphere-id

       oci ocvs sddc create --compartment-id $compartment_id --compute-availability-domain $compute_availability_domain --esxi-count $esxi_count --instance-prefix $instance_prefix --nsx-edge-up1-id $nsx_edge_up1_id --nsx-edge-up2-id $nsx_edge_up2_id --nsx-edge-vtep-id $nsx_edge_vtep_id --nsx-vtep-id $nsx_vtep_id --prov-subnet-id $prov_subnet_id --ssh-authorized-keys $ssh_authorized_keys --vmotion-id $vmotion_id --vmware-version $vmware_version --vsan-id $vsan_id --vsphere-id $vsphere_id
